---
layout: post
title: Start creating and stop consuming
subtitle: Subtitle
date: 2013-01-19 20:00:00
author_name: Slim Bouafif
author_url: https://twitter.com/sbouafif
description: An article about consumerism and how I ended up consuming and procrastinating too much without taking time to create 
keywords: creating, consuming
big_picture: bleeding-tv.jpg
big_picture_alt: A TV leaking
class: start-making
---
<section class="container">
  <section class="row">
    <section class="twocol"></section>
    <section class="sevencol">
p. As a child I didn't went that much to cinema, I wasn't the one saying "_Hey did you watch that new movie, that part is so hilarious..._". I just slowly noticed that the ones doing it were more appreciated than the ones who didn't. And I started envying the kids having plenty of Disney movies in VHS, saying to myself that one day I will too. Growing, my desire didn't change, owning plenty of video games or movies was still an .... 

Describe myself a bit/grades

Fast forward to 2005, it was the first summer in my life we didn't go to visit our family, I was stuck in my village with nothing much to do. So I convinced my parents to get us an Internet connection.That summer, Lost, the TV show, was first aired in France, it was a success (as in many others countries) and I was watching it, I really liked it. I started to spend some time on some french boards, talking about the show and learning that there was a lot of better shows that were never aired in France. The only way to get them was to download them, which I did. At the beginning, I was a bit afraid but a lot of friends were already doing it and nothing happened to them legally speaking. I started downloading the beginning of the season 2 of Lost and slowly watching of few other shows. My english was pretty good for my age (remember I live in France) and I was able to understand some shows without the help of subtitles. At that time I was in a boarding high school which meant that I were at my parents only on week-end.

h2. _Hey man I just watched that movie, it's awesome!_

Watching TV shows and movies were slowly becoming my main interest, the Internet was providing plenty of new media to watch when I wanted it. The releases were available way before it was in France (at least 1 year before for a TV, and it depends for the movies, some of them were released in theaters/dvd the same week in US and France, some others 1, 2, 6 months later or never released in France). I was in my undergrad years, and getting my daily dose of media was still unharmfull. Internet in France was one of the cheapest so downloading the latest shows didn't take much time. 

A year or two later, I was owning a server in order to download my shows, which gave me access to some of the best torrent trackers that exists. A few minutes after my favorite show was aired it was automatically download to my server and I could watch it directly (without waiting to download it completely on my computer). At the time, I was watching 10/20 shows per week and still looking for unwatched shows or movies to give me the same ... as Lost. I could get one of 9000+ shows and 70.000+ movies. I was spending a lot of my free time watching tv shows and movies, it became an old habit.
    </section>
  </section>
</section>

<section class="break-picture" style="background-image: url({{ site.baseurl }}/pub/img/just-me-and-the-world.jpg); background-repeat: no-repeat; background-position: 0 0;"></section>

<section class="container">
  <section class="row">
    <section class="twocol"></section>
    <section class="sevencol">
h2. Wait, I'll do this tomorrow

--> Reflect on this - I spent my time doing nothing and enforcing my passiveness

--> Let's start to make.
    </section>
  </section>
</section>